I've just got the message trading Larry
Sanders and her son for Dirk I wish we
have been able to keep at least one of
them and get Dirk at the same time but
uh Dirk and myself championship let's do
it they got Kim Martin and Aaron Brooks
debate Trey Jeremy there they go dirt we
got a you know starting at center you
know I don't even know if I'm saying it
right don't really give a either
it's not Jeremy Lin they just put him on
the bench that's all they got key not
margin so they got the power for their
little you ain't gonna get no old
friends from home they you can't guard
you down any too little you too little
down there I got the white on me so you
got that you got that right I love this
are you doing what the are you
doing dirt come on dirt thank you go
dirt once again off that pick-and-roll
super effective baby let's do this I'm
about to get you ready number two is you
act right you know you don't talk back
you don't be disrespectful you call me
sir
King infamous and also your God you call
me all of those things that get you
number two take them dirty clear
some he knows the rules man you know
somebody take a look at this somebody
take a look at this writer mmm that was
amazing that was like if Jesus
was a basketball player
that's the crossover he would do watch
this watch this
I bet no I bet you oj is gonna be open
and he's not gonna shoot or even Lucy
gonna have a very good look you see that
he could tell Kay he took it this time I
must because he heard me talking
apparently he never tastes that shot I
can't give up no threes
whoa wait a minute now I served until I
went back in we can ask what
that's ridiculous now come on now nah
that's a brick oh I don't usually do
this but this is nonsense
this is nonsense are you kidding me no
okay okay
no that's that's enough that's the
negative two K dirt why why would you do
that you've been in the game - wrong -
no - not know that maybe you shouldn't
pass me when I'm back court what
the was how the hell does that even
happen out of that okay
a parent what
so I guess while I'm passing it my hand
goes through the ball causing it to be
just be a turnover completely I don't
know where's the whose guard James
Harden
Oh Jay Oh Jay how many points named
James Hahn has 22 points same point some
matters me but guess what he has more
help right now
shoot it
damn y'all don't want to make no kind of
threes at all huh no shots okay the
wrong person as my shoot it near what
I think we made a mistake trading for
dirt I think we just made the biggest
mistake of our lives I'm a Latino right
now it's gonna be some sad days in
Milwaukee guys